docs/RecipientsApi.md, before:

# TransferzeroSdk.RecipientsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**deleteRecipient**](RecipientsApi.md#deleteRecipient) | **DELETE** /recipients/{Recipient ID} | Cancelling a recipient
[**getRecipients**](RecipientsApi.md#getRecipients) | **GET** /recipients | Getting a list of recipients with filtering
[**patchRecipient**](RecipientsApi.md#patchRecipient) | **PATCH** /recipients/{Recipient ID} | Updating a recipient


<a name="deleteRecipient"></a>
# **deleteRecipient**
> RecipientResponse deleteRecipient(recipientID)

Cancelling a recipient

Cancels the payment to the recipient specified in the URL path.  Please note only recipients where the &#x60;may_cancel&#x60; attribute is true can be cancelled.

### Example
```javascript
import { RecipientsApi } from 'transferzero-sdk';

// Configure API key authorization
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';

let apiInstance = new RecipientsApi(apiClient);

apiInstance.deleteRecipient(recipientID).then((data) => {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, (error) => {
  if (error.isValidationError) {
    let result = error.getResponseObject();
    console.log(result);
    console.error("WARN: Validation error occurred when calling the endpoint");
  } else {
    console.error("Exception when calling RecipientsApi#deleteRecipient");
    throw error;
  }
});

```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **recipientID** | [**String**](.md)| ID of recipient to cancel.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients/9d4d7b73-a94c-4979-ab57-09074fd55d33&#x60; | 

### Return type

[**RecipientResponse**](RecipientResponse.md)

### Authorization

You can set the API Key and Secret by passing a config object when creating an ApiClient:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient({
  apiKey: '<key>',
  apiSecret: '<secret>',
  basePath: 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1'
});
```

Or by setting the properties on an ApiClient instance:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';
```

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json

<a name="getRecipients"></a>
# **getRecipients**
> RecipientListResponse getRecipients(opts)

Getting a list of recipients with filtering

Fetches details of all recipients.

### Example
```javascript
import { RecipientsApi } from 'transferzero-sdk';

// Configure API key authorization
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';

let apiInstance = new RecipientsApi(apiClient);

let opts = { 
  'page': 1 // Number | The page number to request (defaults to 1)
  'per': 10 // Number | The number of results to load per page (defaults to 10)
  'createdAtFrom': "createdAtFrom_example" // String | Start date to filter recipients by created_at range Allows filtering results by the specified `created_at` timeframe.  Example: `/v1/recipients?created_at_from=2018-06-06&created_at_to=2018-06-08`
  'createdAtTo': "createdAtTo_example" // String | End date to filter recipients by created_at range Allows filtering results by the specified `created_at` timeframe.  Example: `/v1/recipients?created_at_from=2018-06-06&created_at_to=2018-06-08`
  'amountFrom': "amountFrom_example" // String | Minimum amount to filter recipients by amount range.  Allows filtering results by the specified `amount` range. When using this filter, the `currency` should also be specified.  Example: `/v1/recipients?currency=NGN&amount_from=83.76672339&amount_to=83.76672339`
  'amountTo': "amountTo_example" // String | Max amount to filter recipients by amount range.  Allows filtering results by the specified `amount` range. When using this filter, the `currency` should also be specified.  Example: `/v1/recipients?currency=NGN&amount_from=83.76672339&amount_to=83.76672339`
  'state': ["null"] // [String] | Allows filtering results by `state` of recipient. See [API Documentation - Recipient state](https://docs.transferzero.com/docs/transaction-flow/#state) for possible states.  Example: `/v1/recipients?state[]=error&state[]=initial`
  'currency': ["null"] // [String] | Allows filtering results by `input_currency`.  Additionally required when filtering by an amount range Example: `/v1/recipients?currency[]=KES&currency[]=NGN`
};
apiInstance.getRecipients(opts).then((data) => {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, (error) => {
  if (error.isValidationError) {
    let result = error.getResponseObject();
    console.log(result);
    console.error("WARN: Validation error occurred when calling the endpoint");
  } else {
    console.error("Exception when calling RecipientsApi#getRecipients");
    throw error;
  }
});

```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **page** | **Number**| The page number to request (defaults to 1) | [optional] 
 **per** | **Number**| The number of results to load per page (defaults to 10) | [optional] 
 **createdAtFrom** | **String**| Start date to filter recipients by created_at range Allows filtering results by the specified &#x60;created_at&#x60; timeframe.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?created_at_from&#x3D;2018-06-06&amp;created_at_to&#x3D;2018-06-08&#x60; | [optional] 
 **createdAtTo** | **String**| End date to filter recipients by created_at range Allows filtering results by the specified &#x60;created_at&#x60; timeframe.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?created_at_from&#x3D;2018-06-06&amp;created_at_to&#x3D;2018-06-08&#x60; | [optional] 
 **amountFrom** | **String**| Minimum amount to filter recipients by amount range.  Allows filtering results by the specified &#x60;amount&#x60; range. When using this filter, the &#x60;currency&#x60; should also be specified.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?currency&#x3D;NGN&amp;amount_from&#x3D;83.76672339&amp;amount_to&#x3D;83.76672339&#x60; | [optional] 
 **amountTo** | **String**| Max amount to filter recipients by amount range.  Allows filtering results by the specified &#x60;amount&#x60; range. When using this filter, the &#x60;currency&#x60; should also be specified.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?currency&#x3D;NGN&amp;amount_from&#x3D;83.76672339&amp;amount_to&#x3D;83.76672339&#x60; | [optional] 
 **state** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Allows filtering results by &#x60;state&#x60; of recipient. See [API Documentation - Recipient state](https://docs.transferzero.com/docs/transaction-flow/#state) for possible states.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?state[]&#x3D;error&amp;state[]&#x3D;initial&#x60; | [optional] 
 **currency** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Allows filtering results by &#x60;input_currency&#x60;.  Additionally required when filtering by an amount range Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?currency[]&#x3D;KES&amp;currency[]&#x3D;NGN&#x60; | [optional] 

### Return type

[**RecipientListResponse**](RecipientListResponse.md)

### Authorization

You can set the API Key and Secret by passing a config object when creating an ApiClient:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient({
  apiKey: '<key>',
  apiSecret: '<secret>',
  basePath: 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1'
});
```

Or by setting the properties on an ApiClient instance:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';
```

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json

<a name="patchRecipient"></a>
# **patchRecipient**
> RecipientResponse patchRecipient(recipientIDrecipientRequest)

Updating a recipient

Updates the recipient specified in the URL path.  Please note that only recipients where the &#x60;editable&#x60; field is true can be modified. Once the recipient is modified any subsequent payout tries will be sent to the updated details.

### Example
```javascript
import { RecipientsApi } from 'transferzero-sdk';

// Configure API key authorization
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';

let apiInstance = new RecipientsApi(apiClient);

apiInstance.patchRecipient(recipientIDrecipientRequest).then((data) => {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, (error) => {
  if (error.isValidationError) {
    let result = error.getResponseObject();
    console.log(result);
    console.error("WARN: Validation error occurred when calling the endpoint");
  } else {
    console.error("Exception when calling RecipientsApi#patchRecipient");
    throw error;
  }
});

```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **recipientID** | [**String**](.md)| ID of recipient to update.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients/9d4d7b73-a94c-4979-ab57-09074fd55d33&#x60; | 
 **recipientRequest** | [**RecipientRequest**](RecipientRequest.md)|  | 

### Return type

[**RecipientResponse**](RecipientResponse.md)

### Authorization

You can set the API Key and Secret by passing a config object when creating an ApiClient:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient({
  apiKey: '<key>',
  apiSecret: '<secret>',
  basePath: 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1'
});
```

Or by setting the properties on an ApiClient instance:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';
```

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json
 - **Accept**: application/json

Commit message:

BTA-3220 Update docs for pending recipient: transaction can be cancelled (#181)
* BTA-3220 Update docs for pending recipient: change what would happen if one of our customers calls the recipient delete endpoint and the transaction is on pending. Now the endpoint can be called when the transaction is on a pending state and can possibly be cancelled. We will wait for our provider response to check if the payment has failed, if so the transaction will be cancelled and auto refunded.

docs/RecipientsApi.md, after:

# TransferzeroSdk.RecipientsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**deleteRecipient**](RecipientsApi.md#deleteRecipient) | **DELETE** /recipients/{Recipient ID} | Cancelling a recipient
[**getRecipients**](RecipientsApi.md#getRecipients) | **GET** /recipients | Getting a list of recipients with filtering
[**patchRecipient**](RecipientsApi.md#patchRecipient) | **PATCH** /recipients/{Recipient ID} | Updating a recipient


<a name="deleteRecipient"></a>
# **deleteRecipient**
> RecipientResponse deleteRecipient(recipientID)

Cancelling a recipient

Cancels the payment to the recipient specified in the URL path.  Please note recipients where the &#x60;may_cancel&#x60; attribute is true will be cancelled immediately. If the &#x60;may_cancel&#x60; attribute is false you can still try to cancel the recipient, however it will only gets cancelled if we will receive a confirmation from our partner that the payment has failed

### Example
```javascript
import { RecipientsApi } from 'transferzero-sdk';

// Configure API key authorization
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';

let apiInstance = new RecipientsApi(apiClient);

apiInstance.deleteRecipient(recipientID).then((data) => {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, (error) => {
  if (error.isValidationError) {
    let result = error.getResponseObject();
    console.log(result);
    console.error("WARN: Validation error occurred when calling the endpoint");
  } else {
    console.error("Exception when calling RecipientsApi#deleteRecipient");
    throw error;
  }
});

```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **recipientID** | [**String**](.md)| ID of recipient to cancel.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients/9d4d7b73-a94c-4979-ab57-09074fd55d33&#x60; | 

### Return type

[**RecipientResponse**](RecipientResponse.md)

### Authorization

You can set the API Key and Secret by passing a config object when creating an ApiClient:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient({
  apiKey: '<key>',
  apiSecret: '<secret>',
  basePath: 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1'
});
```

Or by setting the properties on an ApiClient instance:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';
```

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json

<a name="getRecipients"></a>
# **getRecipients**
> RecipientListResponse getRecipients(opts)

Getting a list of recipients with filtering

Fetches details of all recipients.

### Example
```javascript
import { RecipientsApi } from 'transferzero-sdk';

// Configure API key authorization
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';

let apiInstance = new RecipientsApi(apiClient);

let opts = { 
  'page': 1 // Number | The page number to request (defaults to 1)
  'per': 10 // Number | The number of results to load per page (defaults to 10)
  'createdAtFrom': "createdAtFrom_example" // String | Start date to filter recipients by created_at range Allows filtering results by the specified `created_at` timeframe.  Example: `/v1/recipients?created_at_from=2018-06-06&created_at_to=2018-06-08`
  'createdAtTo': "createdAtTo_example" // String | End date to filter recipients by created_at range Allows filtering results by the specified `created_at` timeframe.  Example: `/v1/recipients?created_at_from=2018-06-06&created_at_to=2018-06-08`
  'amountFrom': "amountFrom_example" // String | Minimum amount to filter recipients by amount range.  Allows filtering results by the specified `amount` range. When using this filter, the `currency` should also be specified.  Example: `/v1/recipients?currency=NGN&amount_from=83.76672339&amount_to=83.76672339`
  'amountTo': "amountTo_example" // String | Max amount to filter recipients by amount range.  Allows filtering results by the specified `amount` range. When using this filter, the `currency` should also be specified.  Example: `/v1/recipients?currency=NGN&amount_from=83.76672339&amount_to=83.76672339`
  'state': ["null"] // [String] | Allows filtering results by `state` of recipient. See [API Documentation - Recipient state](https://docs.transferzero.com/docs/transaction-flow/#state) for possible states.  Example: `/v1/recipients?state[]=error&state[]=initial`
  'currency': ["null"] // [String] | Allows filtering results by `input_currency`.  Additionally required when filtering by an amount range Example: `/v1/recipients?currency[]=KES&currency[]=NGN`
};
apiInstance.getRecipients(opts).then((data) => {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, (error) => {
  if (error.isValidationError) {
    let result = error.getResponseObject();
    console.log(result);
    console.error("WARN: Validation error occurred when calling the endpoint");
  } else {
    console.error("Exception when calling RecipientsApi#getRecipients");
    throw error;
  }
});

```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **page** | **Number**| The page number to request (defaults to 1) | [optional] 
 **per** | **Number**| The number of results to load per page (defaults to 10) | [optional] 
 **createdAtFrom** | **String**| Start date to filter recipients by created_at range Allows filtering results by the specified &#x60;created_at&#x60; timeframe.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?created_at_from&#x3D;2018-06-06&amp;created_at_to&#x3D;2018-06-08&#x60; | [optional] 
 **createdAtTo** | **String**| End date to filter recipients by created_at range Allows filtering results by the specified &#x60;created_at&#x60; timeframe.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?created_at_from&#x3D;2018-06-06&amp;created_at_to&#x3D;2018-06-08&#x60; | [optional] 
 **amountFrom** | **String**| Minimum amount to filter recipients by amount range.  Allows filtering results by the specified &#x60;amount&#x60; range. When using this filter, the &#x60;currency&#x60; should also be specified.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?currency&#x3D;NGN&amp;amount_from&#x3D;83.76672339&amp;amount_to&#x3D;83.76672339&#x60; | [optional] 
 **amountTo** | **String**| Max amount to filter recipients by amount range.  Allows filtering results by the specified &#x60;amount&#x60; range. When using this filter, the &#x60;currency&#x60; should also be specified.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?currency&#x3D;NGN&amp;amount_from&#x3D;83.76672339&amp;amount_to&#x3D;83.76672339&#x60; | [optional] 
 **state** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Allows filtering results by &#x60;state&#x60; of recipient. See [API Documentation - Recipient state](https://docs.transferzero.com/docs/transaction-flow/#state) for possible states.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?state[]&#x3D;error&amp;state[]&#x3D;initial&#x60; | [optional] 
 **currency** | [**[String]**](String.md)| Allows filtering results by &#x60;input_currency&#x60;.  Additionally required when filtering by an amount range Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients?currency[]&#x3D;KES&amp;currency[]&#x3D;NGN&#x60; | [optional] 

### Return type

[**RecipientListResponse**](RecipientListResponse.md)

### Authorization

You can set the API Key and Secret by passing a config object when creating an ApiClient:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient({
  apiKey: '<key>',
  apiSecret: '<secret>',
  basePath: 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1'
});
```

Or by setting the properties on an ApiClient instance:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';
```

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json

<a name="patchRecipient"></a>
# **patchRecipient**
> RecipientResponse patchRecipient(recipientIDrecipientRequest)

Updating a recipient

Updates the recipient specified in the URL path.  Please note that only recipients where the &#x60;editable&#x60; field is true can be modified. Once the recipient is modified any subsequent payout tries will be sent to the updated details.

### Example
```javascript
import { RecipientsApi } from 'transferzero-sdk';

// Configure API key authorization
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';

let apiInstance = new RecipientsApi(apiClient);

apiInstance.patchRecipient(recipientIDrecipientRequest).then((data) => {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, (error) => {
  if (error.isValidationError) {
    let result = error.getResponseObject();
    console.log(result);
    console.error("WARN: Validation error occurred when calling the endpoint");
  } else {
    console.error("Exception when calling RecipientsApi#patchRecipient");
    throw error;
  }
});

```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **recipientID** | [**String**](.md)| ID of recipient to update.  Example: &#x60;/v1/recipients/9d4d7b73-a94c-4979-ab57-09074fd55d33&#x60; | 
 **recipientRequest** | [**RecipientRequest**](RecipientRequest.md)|  | 

### Return type

[**RecipientResponse**](RecipientResponse.md)

### Authorization

You can set the API Key and Secret by passing a config object when creating an ApiClient:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient({
  apiKey: '<key>',
  apiSecret: '<secret>',
  basePath: 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1'
});
```

Or by setting the properties on an ApiClient instance:

```js
const apiClient = new ApiClient();
apiClient.apiKey = '<key>';
apiClient.apiSecret = '<secret>';
apiClient.basePath = 'https://api-sandbox.transferzero.com/v1';
```

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json
 - **Accept**: application/json
